The moon
I believe the sky is full of clouds
It must be time
But it's not far away
Why is it so dark
It's still the end of the universe
I just want to fall asleep
I'm living in the mountains
I'm looking at the wind
In the middle of the rain
It's warm and warm
I'm happy
I was crying
I am crying
I'm happy
I was crying
Thank you
The moon
I think
It's already cold
I am happy
It's warm and warm
I'm happy
In my dream, I can meet you
I don't want to be with her all the time
I want to hug you in the rain
I want to be happy
Before I see you
I want to be with you every day
I want to be with you
I want to hug you in the rain
I want to be happy
Before I see you
I want to be with you every day